Document extraRoleBindings (#218)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

clusterRole: "role name"
```

### extraRoleBindings

Extra `RoleBindings` to be created for every user's service account. This is useful if you want to grant access to other namespace resources in the cluster.  Disabled by default.

The `RoleBindings` will reference `ClusterRoles` and will be scoped to the namespace specified in the configuration. Here's an example:

```yaml

> extraRoleBindings:

Reviewer: @rberrelleza maybe we should move this under `users`? as we did for `serviceAccounts`?

Author: +1. I was just going to post that. Since we are adding these as new features, it'd be nice to have them organized.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I agree

  enabled: true

>   roleBindings:

Reviewer 2: How will this be used? Seems like asking for a existing namespace limits this to very specific scenario. What about giving access to more CRDs, or other types of actions? Is that possible with this?

Reviewer: This is to add access to specific namespaces, like `default`. 
Access to CRDs could be cover by:
- Namespaced: https://www.okteto.com/docs/self-hosted/administration/configuration/#clusterrole
- Cluster-wide: https://www.okteto.com/docs/self-hosted/administration/configuration/#globalclusterrole

Reviewer 2: > This is to add access to specific namespaces

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit confused with this change, so let's see if I make sense:

1. With this change, you can now bind a series of roleBindings to every account we create. 
2. We already have a setting to assign a single clusterRoleBinding to every account 
3. Why do we call one 'clusterRole' (where we ask the role's name) and call this 'roleBindings'? -> shouldn't we be calling this extraRoles, since we are the ones that create the roleBinding?
4. Why do we allow only one clusterRole but multiple roleBindings? 
5. Could we simplify the model by having a single setting called 'extraRoles', where the user can add a list of cluster and namespace bindings to be applied to the users we create?
6. Are these applied to the SA the installer uses, or only to the one used during 'okteto up'? (or is it the same?)

clusterRole: "role name"
```

### user extraRoleBindings

> Extra `RoleBindings` to be created for every user's service account. This is useful if you want to grant access to other namespace resources in the cluster.  Disabled by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Extra `RoleBindings` to be created for every user's service account. This is useful if you want to grant access to resources in other namespaces of the cluster.  Disabled by default.
```

The `RoleBindings` will reference `ClusterRoles` and will be scoped to the namespace specified in the configuration. Here's an example:

```yaml

> user: 

Reviewer 2: @pchico83 is it `user`or `users`? (just want to make sure it's all the same :P)

Author: As it is now implemented the key is `user`, but I can do the work to replace it with `users`

Reviewer 2: If `user` is the right one, leave it that way 👍

  extraRoleBindings:
    enabled: true
    roleBindings:

>       namespace-name1:

Reviewer 2: what happens if the namespace doesn't exist already?

Author: As it is now, we will fail with an `internal server error`. We are delegating the `namespaces` and `clusterRoles` management to the admin, since this is a custom feature for them.

We are also handling the `rolebindings` resources at the minimum, always deleting the old ones when the configuration changes.

Another way to handle this could be to create the namespace ourselves or ignore the `roleBinding` if the namespace doesn't exist, but both options that could lead to silent errors

Do you have another behavior in mind?

      - cluster-role1
      - cluster-role2
      namespace-name2:

>       - cluster-role3

Reviewer 2: If this is a cluster-role, why is the setting called `extraRoleBindings` and not `extraClusterRoles`?

Author: This setting is to allow the creation of `RoleBindings` that point to a `ClusterRole`. This is to allow them to get the permissions of the `ClusterRole` but namespaced. 

I get your point about this map not being exactly the rolebindings, since it's a map of `namespace:ClusterRole`. But that wouldn't make it `extraClusterRoles` either. 

This setting is for creating `RoleBindings` so `extraRoleBindings` makes sense, but then the configuration needed is the information we need to create those `RoleBindings`, since we already got the `SA` we only need the `namespace` and `clusterRole`
